promise cloneinto clarification (#19125)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/sharing_objects_with_page_scripts/index.md

  {cloneFunctions: true});
```

> Now page scripts sees a new property on the window, `messenger`, which has a function `notify()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now page scripts will see a new property on the window, `messenger`, which has a function `notify()`:
```

The original text is more correct. This is describing a desired effect, not a fact, so future tense is better.

Author: Thank you for your feedback. The best practice for technical writing is to use the present tense e.g. https://developers.google.com/style/tense. It generally makes the content clearer and more direct. For example, here we both say now and will, so does a page script see the new property now or at some undefined point in the future? However, thanks for commenting as it's highlighted that I didn't correctly make the change and I will fix that.

Reviewer: Ah, TIL. Well, as long as the grammar is fixed I'll be happy with this ^^

```js
window.messenger.notify("Message from the page script!");
```

> In the special case of a Promise, which is not supported by [structured clone algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Structured_clone_algorithm), the desired result can be achieved by using `window.Promise` instead of `Promise`, and then cloning the resolution value with `cloneInto` like this:

Reviewer 2: Could you move this after the next section and add a header such as "Promise cloning"?

Author: @Rob--W to clarify, you want it moved after the "Constructors from the page context" section?

Reviewer 2: Yes, move it after that, and prepend a header.

Author: Done

```js
let promise = new window.Promise(resolve => {
  // if just a primitive, then cloneInto is not needed:
  // resolve("string is a primitive");

  // if not a primitive, such as an object, then the value must be cloned
  let result = { exampleKey: "exampleValue" };
  resolve(cloneInto(result, window));
});

> // now promise can be passed to the web page.

Reviewer 2: @rpl Is this sufficiently clear, or do we need to elaborate on how the value is passed to the webpage?

Reviewer 3: from my perspective, given that the preamble clearly states that a Promise can't be cloned, it should already make it clear that the resulting `promise` object from the snippet here should be passes as is to the webpage.

How that should be done seems like too much related to what the extension is doing (e.g. it could be passes as is as part of an event dispatched to the page, returned by a method exported to the webpage or set directly into a global using `window.wrappedJSObject.someglobalname = promise`  and so I'm not sure it is good to point one out here, as it could be misleading.

Personally I'd like it with the current level of detail already provided by the current version of this PR.

If after these changes, this is still reported to us as not clear, then we may consider just create a complete example for the mdn/webextensions-examples repo and just link it here.

Reviewer 2: Sgtm
